# Getting started | 4ga Boards Docs

On this page
Hello! This guide aims to provide a comprehensive tutorial for you to get started with 4ga Boards. In the upcoming sections we will show you all of the important features of our tool.
What exactly is 4ga Boards?
​
4ga Boards is a convienient and easy to grasp management tool based on the kanban board technique. A kanban board is a visual tool used to manage and optimize workflows, which displays tasks as cards across columns that can represent different stages of a process. The main view of 4ga Boards, which you will probably see for the most time can be seen below.
Creating an account
​
This section will guide you through creating your account in 4ga Boards.
Structure
​
This section aims to present the logical structure of organizing the workflow with 4ga Boards.
4ga Boards is using a four-level structure to help you maintain even the most complicated projects:
Project
is a highest level of organization in 4ga Boards, a container holding boards.
Board
is a workspace within a project where tasks are organized and displayed using:
List View
, where tasks are displayed in a to-do list style,
Board View
, which is a classic Kanban view with lists and cards.
List
is a column on the board representing different stages or categories of the workflow (e.g. "To Do", "Doing"), with tasks attached to it.
Card
is representing individual task (with optional subtasks) that can be moved across lists.
Each of the levels is thoroughly explained in the respective sections.
Sidebar
allows for efficient management of 4ga Boards program elements.
Administration and Settings
​
Here you will find explanation of all different features in the settings sections and administration panel.
For each user:
Settings
will show you your personal settings.
For project managers:
Project settings
will guide you through settings of projects inside your instance
For administrators:
Instance settings
will explain the settings of the instance (e.g. demo.4gaboards.com)
Additional Information
​
You should be able to find all the missing information from the previous chapters here, including FAQ.
If you have any further problems, feel free to
contact us
.
And if you don't have any troubles, or you simply love using our tool, consider starring us at:
4ga Boards Github
What exactly is 4ga Boards?
Creating an account
Structure
Administration and Settings
Additional Information