# Notifications | 4ga Boards Docs

On this page
Description
​
Notifications are used to send email notifications from 4ga Boards to verififed email addresses and convert received email to card via Email-to-Card.
Email Notifications
​
This service sends email notifications respecting customizable per user notifications settings.
EmaIl Verification
​
Email notifications are only send after user is verified by clicking the link received in an email.
Email-to-Card
​
After creating email address in 4ga Boards (for list or board), anyone can send an email to the generated address to create a card within 4ga Boards.
Setup
​
4ga Boards Email Notifications are enabled out of the box on 4ga Boards instances hosted by us.
Other ways to get 4ga Boards Notifications:
make a
donation
and send us donation confirmation via
contact form
do some promotional activities (you might be requested to repeat the activities after some time) and send us proof via
contact form
This helps us promote the product and cover server costs.
If you want to setup email notifications on your private instance here are the steps:
Host a mailserver e.g.
mailserver/docker-mailserver:latest
or purchase external server
Set up DNS MX entries
Set up Reverse DNS entry
Set up DNS DKIM
Set up NDS DMARC
Set up DNS SPF
Set up SSL Certs using e.g. Let's Encrypt
Set up firewall rules to let e.g. 465, 993, 25 ports through
Prepare
postfix-accounts.cf
,
postfix-virtual.cf
,
sni.map
,
dovecot/conf.d
,
opendkim configuration
via e.g.
user-patches.sh
Prepare simple scripts to handle
NOTIFICATIONS_HOST_URL/api/clients/self
,
NOTIFICATIONS_HOST_URL/api/notifications/email-verification/request
NOTIFICATIONS_HOST_URL/api/notifications/email
(you can simplify the flow by verifying every user request, hardcoding
self
request to skip Email-to-Card and just properly redirecting an email using email api).
We are aware that this selfhosted process is not that easy!
We'll provide the files needed to setup notifications without writing any scripts
We'll also try to expand this guide to provide detailed example of how to set up DNS records and provide a docker compose file with scripts that auto configure the mailserver
Unfortunately, we cannot simplify DNS and mailserver config as it is required to reduce spam by external servers
However, right now we need to focus on other feature requests.
Some parts of the solution are already ready internally, but the setup is not yet automated enough for a public release. Any documentation PRs are welcome.
Description
Setup