# Notifications | 4ga Boards Docs

On this page
4ga Boards features a comprehensive notifications sytem, consisting of two main modules:
Notification Center
and
Check Activity Log
Notifications and Notification Center
​
You can quickly view notifications by clicking the
bell
icon in the top-right corner. This will open a panel on the side. To close it, click anywhere on the board.
Each notification is structured as follows:
Notification category (see details below)
User and time of trigerring notification
Detailed description of notification (what
action
occurred on which
element
, e.g.
adding a user
to a
task
)
Board and Project associated with the notification (if applicable)
eye
icon - notification is unread/
crossed eye
icon and dimmed notification - notification is read; click the icon to manually change the status
bin
icon - delete notification.
There are several notification categories marked with a distinctive label on the left:
Project
(e.g. creation, name changes, adding/removing users, background changes)
Board
(e.g. creation, name changes, adding/removing users)
List
(e.g. creation, removal, position changes on the board, expanding/collapsing)
Card
(e.g. adding tasks, members, labels, comments, changing the description)
Task
(e.g. creation, marking as complete, adding members, setting a due date)
Comment
(adding, updating, deleting)
At the top of the panel, you will find a filter box that helps you quickly scan notifications.
Use the
double arrow
icon to change the filter type:
All
– shows all results
Project
– notifications for a specific project
Board
– notifications for a specific board
User
– notifications related to a user
Card
– notifications related to a card
Text/type of activity
– searches notification text fields (e.g. comment text) or activity type (e.g. typing "taskcreate" will result in showing all task creation notifications)
Open
ellipsis
icon to mark all notifications as read/unread, delete all notifications, delete only read notifications. Click on the icon to the left from the
ellipsis
to open fullscreen Notification Center, where you can thoroughly examine all notifications.
Activity Check Log
​
In several elements, clicking the
ellipsis icon
gives you the option to check activity. This opens the Activity Log popup window.
The window displays the creation and last update time of the element, along with all activity performed on it. For elements with high activity (e.g. boards), you can scroll through the activity list, down to the very first entry.
Notifications and Notification Center
Activity Check Log