# List View | 4ga Boards Docs

On this page
List View is a special view in 4ga Boards that lets you see all your tasks in a convenient to-do list style. Both views are interchangeable — all changes stay in sync, whether you make them in the board or list view.
List view navigation
​
You can adjust the column width manually by dragging the
|
separators.
Each row represents a separate card and includes all the same features as a regular card in the board view, displayed in columns.
From left to right:
Bell
icon for notifications
Card name
Labels attached to the card
Members attached to the card
List in the board view where the card belongs
Tick
indicating whether a description is present
Number of attachments
Number of comments
Due date
Earliest due date
Timer
Tasks attached to the card
Ellipsis
menu of the card.
For additional info, please refer to
Card description
.
You can interact with each of them directly form the list view or by opening the appriopriate card. To do this, click on an empty spot in a card row (for ease of navigation, we recommend clicking on the description/attachment/comment field - they will not open a popup window).
This is the default column selection. To add or remove columns, use the
Ellipsis
menu in the top-right corner of the list. You can also set columns to adjust to the content or screen, and easily reset sorting and column selection to their default values.
At the bottom of the list is another navigation pane, in which you can select how many cards are visible per page (default: 100), change pages with the arrows on the left and access list menu with the
cog
icon. On the right side you can add
List
and
Card
- they will also appear on the board view.
List view features
​
Compared to a classic board view, there are a few special options which helps visualise your workflow better:
Sorting - you can sort your list just like a regular table, in both ascending and descending order, indicated with
Arrow
icon.
You can perform a multilayered sorting - choose multiple columns to sort with, with the numbers indicating the priority. In the example below, the sorting order is as follows: labels ascending, then name descending.
List view navigation
List view features